oranize sphinx doc project (#3002)
red-hat-storage/ocs-ci: docs/usecases/index.rst

=========================

>  Common Usecases and FAQ

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Common Use cases and FAQ
```

=========================

> Here you can find descriptions of common usecases and answers for frequently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can find descriptions of common use cases and answers for frequently
```
